Usage and Building.md changes for ps4_unfself which is required for Testing (#34)
RPCSX/rpcsx: .github/USAGE.md

# Usage

## How to prepare eboot.bin with ps4_unfself

### eboot.bin needs to be unfselfed and to do this [python2](BUILDING.md) is required with this tool [ps4_unfself](https://github.com/SocraticBliss/ps4_unfself)

> place ```ps4_unfself.py``` into the same folder as the eboot.bin then open a console and type 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place ```ps4_unfself.py``` into the same folder as the eboot.bin then open a console and type 
```

```
python2 ps4_unfself.py eboot.bin
```

> you will get a read out and it will make a ```eboot.elf```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will get a read out and it will make an ```eboot.elf```
```
